Libraries: Libraries are previously made code script designed to prevent inventing the wheel again.

Pandas ->
Pandas is a library in python that is useful for data analysis. 
It is used to extraction, cleaning, grouping, filtering, combining, analysis and preperation of data. 
It uses two types of data structure, 1D ( use of array) and 2D (use of rows and columns). 

Numpy ->
Numpy is a popular Python library used for multi-dimensional array, scientific computing, 
data analysis and matrix processing as it is used for varities of mathmetical operations. 
With capabilities to handel linear algebra, random number capabilities and more, along with allowing 
users to easily manipulate matrices Numpy becomes ideal for machine learning. 

Tensorflow ->
Tensorflow is a library that specializes with differentiable programing, 
which means it can automatically compute a function’s derivative. It is a framework for defining and running 
computations with tensors which is used to train and run deep neural netwoks.

Keras ->
Keras is a Python library designed for developing neural netwoks for machine learning modules. 
Keras also makes it easier of ML beginners to build and design a neural network. 

Pytorch ->
Pytorch is a Python library based upon C programming language framework. 
It is mainly used in machine learning applications that include natural language processing and 
computer vision. It is also a library that uses GPU and fast at computing large,dense data sets 
and graphs.

Scikit-learn
Scikit-learn is a Python library that is built upon NumPy and SciPy. 
It is used for data mining, modeling and analysis. It also supports most of the supervised and unsupervised learning algorithms.



References
Geeks for geeks. (2023). Python libraries for machine learning. Retrieved 2024, from Geeks for geeks: https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/best-python-libraries-for-machine-learning/
Coursera . (2024, April 05). Python Machine Learning Libary. Retrieved 2024, from Coursera: https://www.coursera.org/articles/python-machine-learning-library

